Classic Apps to Next-Gen Apps Migration release notes (#4096)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2024-04-26-apps.md

---
title: Classic Apps to Next-Gen Apps Migration (Apps)
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - apps
  - app catalog
  - classic-apps
  - nex-gen-apps
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> 

Author: @jpipkin1 The feature was released on the date mentioned in the release note. Do we need to adjust the date to the date of the feature release or to the latest date of the release of release note?

> 

Reviewer: this is actually a continuous activity so we put today's date also as release note. We just want to let customers know that we have reached half mark so that they can install these V2 apps and improve their upgrade / versioning experience.

> 

Reviewer 2: @JV0812, as a rule, the date of the release note should be the date the release note is published, even if the feature released earlier. Customers monitor release notes on a daily basis for new announcements. If a release note suddenly appears dated days or weeks ago, they don't see it.

> We're happy to announce the migration of 134 [Classic Apps (Legacy)](/docs/get-started/apps-integrations/#classic-apps-legacy) to [Next-Gen Apps](/docs/get-started/apps-integrations/#next-gen-apps). Next-Gen apps simplifies the management and maintenance of apps by supporting app versioning and upgrades. These Next-Gen apps can be installed via App catalog UI and [Sumologic terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/SumoLogic/sumologic/latest/docs/resources/app). To view all the available Next-Gen apps select the **Next-Gen Apps** filter in App Catalog page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're happy to announce the migration of 134 [Classic Apps (Legacy)](/docs/get-started/apps-integrations/#classic-apps-legacy) to [Next-Gen Apps](/docs/get-started/apps-integrations/#next-gen-apps). Next-Gen apps simplifiy the management and maintenance of apps by supporting app versioning and upgrades. These Next-Gen apps can be installed via the App Catalog UI and [Sumo Logic terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/SumoLogic/sumologic/latest/docs/resources/app). To view all the available Next-Gen apps select the **Next-Gen Apps** filter in the App Catalog page.
```

> We're happy to announce the migration of 134 [Classic Apps (Legacy)](/docs/get-started/apps-integrations/#classic-apps-legacy) to [Next-Gen Apps](/docs/get-started/apps-integrations/#next-gen-apps). Next-Gen apps simplify the management and maintenance of apps by supporting app versioning and upgrades. These Next-Gen apps can be installed via the App Catalog UI and [Sumo Logic terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/SumoLogic/sumologic/latest/docs/resources/app). To view all the available Next-Gen apps select the **Next-Gen Apps** filter in the App Catalog page.

Reviewer 3: I would clarify that this is a partially complete migration (more apps to come). I put down 300 total as a placeholder, so you'll need to change it. @JV0812 @himanshu219 

```suggestion
We are happy to announce the partial migration of 134 [Classic Apps (Legacy)](https://chatgpt.com/docs/get-started/apps-integrations/#classic-apps-legacy) to [Next-Gen Apps](https://chatgpt.com/docs/get-started/apps-integrations/#next-gen-apps), out of an expected total of approximately 300.

Next-Gen Apps streamline app management and maintenance by supporting versioning and upgrades. These apps can be installed through the App Catalog UI and the [Sumo Logic Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/SumoLogic/sumologic/latest/docs/resources/app). To explore all available Next-Gen Apps, select the Next-Gen Apps filter on the **App Catalog** page.
```
